Name: Joseph Guidry
Date: 1-20-2018
Current Module: Network Programming in C
Project Name: Ashti

Project Goals:
	<A two to three sentence description of the project and its intent>
	The project highlighter the skills needed to write a web server, using TCP sockets.  It would server static and dynamic web-page
	to the clients browser.  

Considerations:
	<A bulleted list of considerations and conditions which affected the design of your project>
	-Create a TCP server with max connections - based on Hardware.
	- Handle concurrent client connections.
	- Serve back to the client an appropriate response.
	
Initial Design:
	<A paragraph or more that adequately describes your program's structure and layout discussing the various modules (.c and corresponding .h files) that you implemented>
	Initially, the web server was designed to handle certain file extensions, HTTP methods and ensure the proper protocol was being
	used. This program uses a file structure of a typical web-server, holding static HTML files and placing executable files in the CGI
	directory. Other files are as a requirement bases. 
	
	ashti.c:
		This contains all the functions that were required to attempt to produce expected output.

		int http_server(void);
			-Established the TCP socket.
		
		void http_response(int connection_id);
			- Parsed and handled the expected HTTP request. 

		void http_error_response(int connection_id, int error, char * data);
			- This attempts to respond to errors with HTML error response pages.

		void run_cgi_script(int connection_id, char * local_path, char * data);
			- This would attempt to run a CGI script and pipe its output back to the client. 

Data Flow:
	<A paragraph or longer describing the data flow of the program in a sequential manner.  Include a diagram when necessary.>
	The program would execute, ensuring the directory is given that would hold the web server files. The program uses an array of
	connections, this would allow the server to maintain concurrency while providing clients access to data.  
	The program initializes the web server, with a single TCP socket, then enters an infinite loop.

	The program accepts an incoming connection, then forks the process to allow the grandchild to handle the request. 
	This allows the parent to continue to receive new connections. The process will handle the HTTP response based on the request
	header information.  Static HTML is read back to the client, while CGI scripts are executed, then output is returned to the client.
	Errors that are received, attempt to return a HTML error page. 	
	
Communication Protocol:
	<Discuss any custom communication protocol you have used including the various request and responses that may be sent and received.>
	This project took advantage of TCP sockets and pipes for CGI script output. 

Potential Pitfalls:
	<Discuss any potential issues that you might run into while creating the project>
	- Build relevant HTML and CGI pages to access.
	- Creating CGI scripts and passing arguments to create dynamic web pages.
	- Parsing and error checking HTTP request headers.

Test Plan:
	User Test:
 		<Describe the steps taken for each user test.>
		Attempt to use the required support scenarios from the requirements document.
		Attempt to replicate this support in a web browser.
		Build .cgi and .html pages to help with testing.
	Test Cases:
		<A brief overview of the test cases that you implemented.>
		Pipe echo commands into netcat client.
		Open web browser and navigate to home page. 

Conclusion:
	<A review of the project, what worked, what didn’t and how to improve upon your project in the future.>

	This was a very interesting project, digging into the intricate parts of a web-server. A section on how a web-server interacts 
	with network request would have been helpful. In the end, this project was enjoyable, once there was traction on concepts to
	get some of the main requirement were understood. This project would be better suited being done prior to the SQL section of the course.



